welcome to slash forward
in this episode we're staying inside the
warm embrace of mother earth with the
2008 creature western the burrowers
if you dream of a pug-faced reverse
human munching on your soft parts
you should subscribe to the channel
let's get to it
we open on the memory of a frontier
courtship wherein fergus coffee
struggles to find the right words to
express his intent as regards marianne
but he gets the job done and then that
very night the quiet dinner is
interrupted by gunfire and screaming
paw busts in and moves them to the storm
cellar and we never learn what the
threat was as darkness falls on them all
coffee arrives the next day to take
myrian on a walk but she's not home
but her blood is john clay local hard
ass shows up and assumes this to be the
work of the natives
and he calls for the formation of a
pursuit posse coffee enlists the help of
william parcher an experienced veteran
and a depth tracker he's compelled by
his prospective thirst trap to take her
boy along in the hopes the experience
means she'll have two men in the house
when they get back
they start by noticing the conspicuous
absence of blood on the bodies at the
scene
and other unusual phenomena then the
calvary rides in and after a little
chain of command
dick waving by the captain henry victor
they organize and ride out
along the way coffee meets callahan a
fine irish cook and free man with a
heart of gold they're starting by going
to the sioux reservation but they stop
when they find a lone rider along the
way
they employ brutal means of torture but
are provided no information about the
missing family and a rift develops about
whether they're hunting indians or
rescuing the stewards
the rift is further entrenched when
callahan gives the captives some
food and we find that henry doesn't take
too kindly to kindness
they talk him back from the ledge and
bed down for the night during the night
watch we see one century get his neck
snatched and learn in the morning that
four men are gone the captive refers to
the burrowers coming to get them
which they take as a reference to a new
tribe henry gets geared up about
starting up with the sioux tribe but the
others decide to follow the trail
plainly laid out before them they
eventually run across a coach where the
men and horses are gone but the
valuables are left unmolested they pass
the time mulling this over by tossing
stones
and in searching for a gooden the boy
finds a tuft of hair
still attached to a buried woman who
they discover to still be alive when
they find her toe at twitterin they send
her back on the coach with the boy as
they carry on the search
as they enter the woods they notice
they're being flanked by sue
and fergus takes a pot shot at one of
them this results in him getting horse
stomped in the face
and guarantees trouble down the road
sure enough as jon tries to prepare them
to push on
he takes a round of the neck like a man
of true grit
and then he dies like a man of true grit
they manage to fend them off using a
horse's cover and try to wait out the
trouble
meanwhile we learn about the burrower's
methods as the boy is jabbed and
anesthetized before being dragged into a
shallow grave
for convenient consumption later on back
in the woods the boys feel safe enough
to leave under the cover of darkness
and prevent anyone from following their
retreat with a cloud of burning poison
oak
a real scumbag move at camp later fergus
wakes up to a high fire
and no percher and they figure he's
using them as bait but gunshots ring out
nearby and they find him in the field
wrestling with some sort of weirdo it's
not even saturday so they fire on them
and drive them off we see parcher's been
halfway abducted marked with a bloodless
cut but they didn't finish the job
and despite this he does note some
creeping numbness in his hand and face
they ride on and find another sole
survivor she provides some actual intel
to fill the gaps for them
the burrowers are not a tribe they're
creatures that eat the rotted flesh of
their victims they used to feed on the
buffalo but got a taste for human when
we drove the buffalo off
and now they crave our soft interiors i
like myself
don't we all she implies the utes have
been fighting them successfully and
parcher is compelled to find them in the
hope they know how to stop what's
happening to him
they have her lead them but parcher
starts to fall apart they find a place
to camp for the night despite her
insistence that they keep on moving as
parcher is now marked and they will find
them
sure enough they get crept on setting
coffee to shoot and in an attempt to
fend off these upside down sons of
[ __ ]
and parcher does his part despite his
numbness managing to shoot both friend
and foe they continue on eventually
running across
two utes they're able to communicate in
french and while they initially think
they're taking parture for healing they
realize they're actually using half-dead
victims as ritual bait
which is their technique for killing the
burrowers after they leave
coffee examines the victim totem and
finds his engagement brooch
ensuring marianne's death now he has to
go after parsha for the greater good as
none of them are safe so long as the
burrowers are around he finds the
sacrificial grounds where a brief
skirmish leaves one ute with a gut wound
and coffee stuck in a bear trap
their burrowers emerge and consume
parcher's soft supple insides
after this coffee escapes and engages in
hand-to-hand combat repeatedly spearing
and inflicting damage
however he loses all hope as they fail
to die by his effort but then in the
light of the morning sun we see these
pale boys
can't handle the uv rays and they fall
apart this is predicated by a ute poison
that was put in departure so they have
to keep the warrior alive to learn the
secret
so coffee heads to the nearest fort for
help but he returns to find henry's
division has already rolled through
their camp and the survivors have become
victims of his war against the utes
and substandard frontier medicine
because in those days everything
always was horrible
just a quick reminder that i set up a
website that allows you to support the
channel via donation if you're so
inclined
any additional support beyond watching
the content would be greatly appreciated
and will earn you a link to an
uncensored 10-minute review of toby
hooper's life force
brewers is a good entry into the
somewhat limited horror western genre it
has a good amount of grittiness to it
which i like in a western and benefits
from being creature based whereas the
common trope in this genre is to focus
on spiritual dread if you enjoyed the
video i'd love for you to become part of
the channel by subscribing
thanks for watching